Pete. I know that you've
got some data to share with us
from the bubble boundary.
Now what is this?
It seems like the trees there
appear to be pushed up
in the sky
above the homestead area.
- Wow!
- Travis.
it looks like
it's coming our way.
Yeah. it came backwards on us.
That's crazy.
Did that just reverse when
we hit the bubble wall?
Out of nowhere. we've got
something moving around...
Yeah. Look at that.
look at that. I can see it now.
That's got to be
hundreds of feet in the air.
Yeah.
What in the world is that?
There is a ranch
in Northern Utah.
It is considered the epicenter
of the strangest and most
disturbing occurrences on Earth.
For two decades.
the federal government
investigated the property.
Their findings
have never been made public.
Right there!
We got something!
Now a new team
of independent scientists
and researchers are taking over.
They are uncovering evidence
that the countless stories...
It came right out of the mesa.
Of unidentified
aerial phenomena...
UAP right there!
Bizarre energies...
It looks like there's
a heat source right above 'em.
And portals that lead
to other dimensions...
We're maybe looking
at the anomaly
for the first time. guys.
Might actually be true.
They will stop at nothing
to reveal...
The Secret of Skinwalker Ranch.
Welcome to
Skinwalker Ranch. Governor.
Thanks so much
for helping us out.
- Yeah. - Just go
around right here.
With all the evidence of
strange and unnatural things
that we've found
on Skinwalker Ranch...
- Gentlemen.
- Hey!
How we doing?
Brandon Fugal
invited the governor of Utah.
Spencer Cox.
to come out to the property
and get a special briefing.
Well. welcome.
This is the command center.
We'll be showing you a few
things. Come on over. Governor.
By visiting
the ranch. Governor Cox has
recognized the importance
of our investigation.
Skinwalker Ranch has
not only been
the center for high strangeness
but has been at the heart
of congressional hearings
and key briefings
in Washington D.C.
dealing with the topic of
unidentified aerial phenomena.
It has also been
the subject of science efforts
by Robert Bigelow.
with the federal government.
spanning decades.
I'm sure you're hearing
from people all the time.
as governor of
the state of Utah.
Everyone. globally.
is asking what is going on
- at Skinwalker Ranch.
- I hear it all the time.
And. as the sitting governor
of the state of Utah.
what concerns you most. and do
you have any questions for us?
Well. obviously. we're concerned
about things that happen
in our state. right?
And-and the historic
pieces of that state.
This is an incredible place.
You know.
what's fascinating to me is
it seems like
everyone has a story
about something
they've experienced out here.
I mean. young kids would
come out here and-and play.
and-and they all come back
with some sort of story.
including big dog.
wolflike creatures. and...
We have a history in our state.
before you owned the ranch. um.
of-of secret
government experiments
that may have happened.
So. yeah. I think any governor
would be concerned.
We want to know what-what's
happening in our state.
Well. what we want to show you
is some of our latest findings
on the ranch
that continue to be
the focus of our investigation.
'Kay. Looking forward to it.
The mesa.
We've extracted material
that is of manufactured origin.
that is not naturally occurring.
Here's a photo of
these ceramics. Governor.
We've had that material analyzed
at Utah Valley University.
We utilized the scanning
electron microscope
in order
to analyze the material.
with surprising results.
It just deepens the mystery.
Governor. let Erik and I
kind of put it
in perspective for you.
It looks like
the modern-day ceramic
that's used
in the aerospace industry.
So how did it get
inside there. in the mesa?
- Wow. - Let me pull up
some of the footage
from the lab tests.
So. if you look
at this image right here.
right as we turn
the electron beam on.
- it's like it's opening up.
- Wow.
At first. we thought
we were damaging it.
But then.
when we turned the beam off.
- it put itself back together.
- That's wild.
- Unbelievable. right?
- Yeah.
But probably
one of the strangest areas
here on the ranch is a spot
we call the triangle.
- Okay. - That
particular region.
shows data corruption.
distortions. anomalies.
and even failures
of multiple instruments.
- Wow.
- So from. say.
a state security standpoint.
if there's something that
can manipulate electronics
in a given area.
that's very interesting from
a "how do we secure
our information
- and data" perspective.
- Yeah. Yeah.
So. in addition to
sophisticated technology
behaving strangely.
we've also had other events
in Homestead Two.
One of the spots
that we wanted
to tell Governor Cox about
was the old. 20th-century ruin
that's better known
as Homestead Two.
Since we started
our investigation
at Skinwalker Ranch.
this place has been a hot spot
of unexplainable phenomena.
We've seen what
many people think may be
evidence of portals
out in that region
-of the property and around
those structures. -Wow.
Well. I was at a-a conference
and just happened to be on
the same panel with
this particular rabbi.
And I told him
that we've got this place
that the locals say
that portals open up and so on.
And he said.
"Well. you know. there's a.
there's a Hebrew ceremony
to open portals to the heavens."
In 2020.
we had Rabbi Ariel Tzadok
perform an ancient
Hebrew ceremony
that he believed could
actually open a portal
at Homestead Two.
He was following up on work
by Robert Bigelow's team.
who claimed
they saw a portal open up
in front of the buildings there.
And then some kind of creature...
or skinwalker...
crawled out of it.
Wow.
- It's freezing right here.
- It is.
You are right in
the center of that region.
During the rabbi's ceremony.
a strange cold spot suddenly
appeared on our thermal camera.
right in front of the homestead
where Bigelow's team
claimed to see that portal.
That's crazy.
It's like an eye.
How do you localize temperature
in such a small spot?
Just by a religious ceremony?
And since we've also been
looking for Ute and Navajo.
and-and other tribal members
that would be
willing to come and
do other ceremonies as well.
We've been
repeating experiments.
following the scientific method
every step of the way
with our investigation.
And we've actually got
a Navajo shaman
coming out tomorrow night
to do just that.
Governor. you're literally
in a living laboratory.
a test bed that is unlike any
other environment on the planet.
Let's take a look at it.
And I think we will depart
- to go out to Homestead Two.
- Okay.
Does that sound
good? -Yeah.
So. Governor.
welcome to Homestead Two.
This is the area
that we saw that cold zone.
- Right here. - Right
through this opening
is where the cold mass was.
Not to mention what's
happened to people out here.
Besides the cold spot.
we've had folks experience
some strange physical reactions
around Homestead Two.
including myself.
What the crap is that?
When I first joined
the team in 2019.
I opened up a well
at Homestead Two
and immediately felt sick.
I've got a little bit of
a headache
or something happening.
Turns out. I had been hit by
a dangerous spike of radiation.
And burns showed up on my face
and hands a few days later.
And the following year.
a visitor named Roland McCook
came out to tell us
about an experience
he had as a teenager.
when he believes he came
face-to-face with a skinwalker.
It came out. red eyes.
Probably like eight feet tall.
And then it just.
it pointed at me...
and all you hear is
the biggest roar. just...
Loudest roar I ever heard.
Hold on.
And while
he was telling his story.
he was immediately overcome
by some kind of illness.
- Bit dizzy there.
- Are you blacking out?
- Yeah.
- Hang on and just breathe.
But the most
serious case was in 2016.
when Thomas ended up
in the hospital
with a mysterious brain injury
while he was doing nothing more
than just digging on the ranch.
There seems to be something
truly unexplained going on.
In places like this.
in the Basin.
we have some weird stuff.
Well. it's. something that
defies any real explanation.
I was honored to facilitate
this visit with Governor Cox
and to see him
actually walk the property.
visit the homesteads.
and to be able
to engage with the team.
We look forward
to keeping him updated
as our investigation continues
to unfold and expand.
Well. I know you've got
important business to attend to.
Thank you. Governor.
for coming out.
- Thank you. Brandon.
- You're welcome here anytime.
and we appreciate all your
service for the state of Utah.
-Thanks for the great work
you guys do. -Thank you.
-It was so nice to meet
all of you. -Pleasure.
- Nice to meet you.
- Thank you.
Hey. fellas.
Jan. Pete. how are y'all doing?
- Good.
- Good. -Good.
After our meeting
with Governor Cox.
we headed back out to the mesa
with ground-penetrating radar
expert Jan Francke
to continue our work with
the guys from Triple A Drilling.
Lots of plans for the day.
So. I understand that
you got down 11 feet.
- Yes.
- Okay. perfect.
A few days ago.
we started drilling our first
four-foot-diameter
vertical borehole.
It's targeting the spot.
33 feet below.
where we hit that hard object
with the horizontal drill hole
last year
and found
those ceramic materials.
So. Jan. do I understand
that today we have you back
to do more scans
with your GPR equipment?
- But of course. of course.
- Sounds good to me.
So while the drilling
was happening.
Jan was back
to run another GPR scan
along the face of the mesa.
Last week. he took scans
with a smaller GPR device
that we inserted
into Borehole 1.
so we could get
some brand-new scans
inside the mesa.
Today. he's brought a different
and more powerful unit
that we can run across
the mesa's surface.
We've got this
weird sort of oblong target
that's inside the mesa.
We've seen it from the top.
I want to see it from
as many angles as possible.
So. I think we all have
a plan of action.
- Yes. sir. -Yes.
- Well. let's get to it.
- All right. Let's go.
- All right.
All right. You can drill.
As the drillers
got back to work...
-All right. dude.
Let's get going. -Okay.
Jan gave Kaleb and me the device
so we could perform the scan.
Hey. Erik. Do you copy?
Yeah. Travis. what do you got?
Kaleb and I are starting
our first run with the GPR.
and Jan said
he's at about 45 megahertz.
I was wondering
if y'all were seeing that
- on the spectrum analyzers.
- Yeah. copy that.
You better believe we are.
Copy that. Out.
Jan's GPR emits a very specific
frequency of 45 megahertz.
So while
we were running the GPR.
Erik and Sam were gonna
keep a close eye
on our spectrum analyzers
to look for
that signal and any strange ones
like we've seen in the past
when we're drilling.
- Let me get to where you are.
- Yep.
- It's all you. I'm letting go.
- All right.
All right.
zigzag the parking lot
and. turn this thing off.
- Then we're done.
- All right.
As rough and uneven
as the mesa is.
hopefully Kaleb and I were able
to get good data that will
give us better images
of whatever's in there.
Whoa. what's that signal?
We're picking up
that 45 megahertz
bigger than crap.
Look at that.
You can see
the big bump in the middle?
That's the frequency
the GPR was running at.
You shut off your GPR. right?
- Yeah. I shut it off. I...
- You turned...
- You disconnected it.
- Yeah. it's off.
That's a huge freaking signal.
And it's coming from the mesa.
That's weird.
Yeah. that's what I say.
It's weird.
This is one of
the weirdest things
that keeps happening
across the ranch.
Our instruments will broadcast
a signal during an experiment.
But then. after we shut it off.
we'll see the same signal
being broadcast back at us
from some unknown source.
It's like something on
the ranch clones our signals.
What the heck could
be doing that?
And why?
Hey. Erik. it's Travis.
Do you copy?
Hey. Travis.
- What's up?
- We're done
with the. GPR.
and the really weird thing.
when we turned it off.
there's a strong signal
coming from the mesa
at about 45 megahertz.
Wow. that's bizarre.
That is really strange.
So there's a signal. right now.
that's-that's mimicking
the. GPR signal.
- That's weird. - What
do you make of that?
You know. we're pumping energy
into the ground.
for whatever reason.
and we get some response back.
But... What?
Did this signal come from
whatever's inside the mesa?
Hopefully. between
the processed GPR data
and the drilling operation.
we'll figure that out soon.
Hey. guys. So talk to us
about the drilling. Thomas.
Well. they've made progress.
We're at 16 feet.
- Sixteen.
- Yep.
Well. we got a couple
of really good runs.
-Yup. -Yeah. I know you're going
to go crunch the numbers.
Yeah. I-I say
we get back in touch
- and get the final word on it.
- Absolutely. Yep.
Always good to have you here.
Well. thanks for having me out.
While we were waiting
for Jan to process his data.
the next day we had
some special guests come out
to help us with our new
experiment at Homestead Two.
Maddy. let me introduce you to
our good friends here.
This is Erik...
- Erik Bard.
- Hello. Maddy. Nice to meet you.
We were joined by Maddy Farrer.
a neuroscientist from
Utah Valley University.
and our friend.
retired Navajo Ranger Jon Dover.
who brought along
Navajo shaman Art Hardy.
Welcome to the ranch. you guys.
Just. great to have you
out here to investigate
the phenomena that we have
been observing here
for years now.
Thank you for having me.
Art agreed to perform
a sacred prayer ritual.
like we did with the rabbi
experiment a couple years back.
We wanted to see if
these kinds of rituals
can consistently trigger
similar results.
That way.
maybe we can get some answers
about what causes
the phenomena at Homestead Two.
I think tonight's experiment's
gonna be really exciting.
where we have someone who's
connected tribally. you know.
to-to the area.
Art. tell us a little bit about
what you plan to do
for us tonight.
I would like to start off
with doing a ceremony
to see if we can instigate
maybe a connection
or a contact of some sort.
And then work my way into the...
into the housing area.
Just kind of instigating
to see if there was any kind of.
I don't know. feedback.
It sounds very diagnostic.
You hit the nail on the head.
So we do consider them
diagnostic. in a sense.
because we're-we're
basically. investigators.
I see.
So you'll do your ceremony
outside the homestead.
and then we'll go
into the individual buildings.
And let you guys reach out
to see what's going on.
- Right.
- And. at the same time
I think the idea is you're gonna
have a sensor on Art.
and-and monitor his brain waves.
Yeah. absolutely.
After the prayer ritual.
Art will physically go into
the structures at Homestead Two.
He'll be wearing an EEG.
or electroencephalogram device.
Given the past health issues
that I
and others have had here.
we want to be able to measure
any strange effects
that being in the homestead
might have
on his brain and body.
So. Art.
kind of what we're gonna do
is we're going to put
an EEG headset on you.
Our brain.
the way it communicates
is it's all electrical. Right?
Yes.
Our body is-is a conductor.
Obviously.
we're made of water. 70%.
Um. water is highly. conductive.
Yeah. absolutely.
So. as we connect that
to your brain
through the scalp. on the skull.
every electrical signal
that your brain is sending.
we are gonna be able
to pick up on.
If you're feeling nervous.
if you're feeling a little
bit more anxious or relaxed.
we're going to be able
to pick up on that in vivo.
so in real time.
So. I say we get started.
I'll take you guys out
and we can start prepping.
- Sounds great.
- All right. Let's get to it.
All right. well.
I say we get to work.
Here we go.
We were really excited
that Art agreed to perform
a Navajo ceremony
to see if we could
make something strange
appear at Homestead Two.
Most Navajo people refuse
to set foot on the ranch.
because they believe
it's inhabited by
evil and dangerous entities.
That's where
Skinwalker Ranch got its name.
So. for him to put
himself out there like this
for our investigation
was really appreciated.
Well. this is a step up
from what it was
- when we did the rabbi.
- Yeah. yeah.
Yeah. Travis. you're
coming through loud and clear.
While Erik set up
in the command center
to monitor the experiment
with his surveillance system.
we prepped high-speed
and thermal cameras...
as well as lidar devices...
all aimed at the homestead
to record data
during the experiment.
This will hopefully ensure
that we capture
any evidence of strange activity
that can't be seen
by the naked eye.
Before we get started.
what I'd like to do. Art.
is I want to get you set up
with the EEG
and we get a baseline.
Okay. Well.
that sounds good to me.
All right. Well. I say we've
got a lot of work to do
to get started
and the sun's sinking quick.
so let's get to work.
We'll go ahead
and we'll get this cap on you.
Well. first.
we're doing a baseline reading.
so we can see what those
wavelengths look like
and what every channel
and every part of his brain
was looking like before
going into this experiment
so we can have some
really good frames of reference
to compare to the EEG scans
in Homestead Two.
If you could take
a couple deep breaths for me...
Beautiful. Okay.
His baseline readings
look very typical.
They're not moving.
there's no muscle tension there.
so we have normal EEG scans
with normal wavelengths.
normal amplitudes.
normal brain activity.
That will conclude our baseline.
so we got
a good baseline on you.
Looks like a normal brain to me.
Hey. Travis. do you copy?
Yeah. Kaleb. What's going on?
We just finished up
with the baseline
on the EEG down here.
so we're going to wait for it
to get dark before we start.
I think that's a good
idea. Let's-let's do that.
10-4.
So. why don't
you guys go ahead and move
into your next phase
of this experiment?
Well. I would like
to start and see if we can
instigate maybe a connection
or contact of some sort.
All right. Great. let's do it.
Because this was
a sacred Navajo ceremony.
there were some parts of it
that Art asked us not to record.
So. we had to respect that.
All that really mattered was
what might happen
as he performed it.
-We're good to begin
when you're ready. -Okay.
We're gonna turn
our radios down.
I'm gonna give you your space
and back off some distance.
Sure. Thank you.
Sam. are you
getting something at 1.6?
I'm seeing. like. a pulse.
coming from that direction.
Yeah. that's what I'm getting.
'Cause I'm using my directional
antenna. scanning around.
and that's
where I'm seeing it from.
And it's coming directly
- from Homestead Two.
- Yeah.
You know what.
I'm taking my handheld.
I'm going down there.
- You got a walkie?
- Yeah.
All right.
I'm headed that way. Let's go.
Right as Art Hardy
started his prayer
outside Homestead Two.
this strange.
1.6-gigahertz signal
showed up
on our spectrum analyzers.
It's getting stronger
as we get closer.
And it seemed to be coming
from inside the house.
Wait. wait. wait.
It's right here.
We got a peak right here.
Sure enough.
once we got in the building.
I was able
to isolate the signal.
But what was the source?
And was it provoked
by Art's ceremony?
Hey. Erik.
We're having a huge hit
out here. at Homestead Two.
around 1.6.
It's gigantic.
Well. um. yeah. What can I say?
That's unusual.
- Keep an eye on it.
- Yeah. man.
Thomas. we're gonna head back.
Okay.
I don't know why we see so many
1.6-gigahertz signals
on Skinwalker Ranch.
but we've thought it could be
a form of communication
from something or someone.
Since it popped up
when Art was saying his prayer.
that's a pretty
compelling correlation.
It made us wonder if he was
actually making contact
with something strange
at Homestead Two.
So. we headed back
to the science table
while Art's ceremony continued.
to see if anything
more interesting would happen.
Wow.
That is crazy.
Take a look at this.
This is just crazy.
This tree was heating up.
Right here.
That bright yellow color
means it's getting really hot.
This is incredible.
I mean...
this is really bright.
And it keeps getting hotter.
Travis. we're getting
some really big
changes of temperature.
Just... These things are
just starting to heat up
like a Christmas tree.
Well. that's really interesting.
It's like the temperature's...
-all kind of messed up
-Yeah.
Last time
we did this. with the rabbi.
we had a huge cold spot
appear right in front
of the buildings.
But this time. we're seeing
hot spots high in the trees
at Homestead Two.
Major heat.
And you can't hardly
even see the house.
-The tree is hotter
than the house. -Yeah.
Right here.
It's fascinating
that we're getting
a temperature reaction
during this prayer ritual.
but it's the total opposite
of what we saw before.
What could be causing that?
It doesn't make any sense.
No-None of this makes any sense.
I've never seen it like this.
I've seen temperature changes.
but not this much.
I think that was
the end of the ceremony.
Keep... keep watching that.
If something happens.
let me know.
I'm gonna go talk to him.
Art. if you don't mind.
would you kind of tell me
a little bit about
what that ceremony was about?
Sure. With what's been happening
here on Skinwalker Ranch.
there's a lot of. um.
weird energy.
So. the way that I incorporated
my prayer with that was to
call upon that source of power
and hopefully we may
document it. maybe capture it...
um... in...
-you know. for scientific
purposes. -That's amazing.
So. earlier. you said
you wanted to go into a couple
of the buildings
at Homestead Two
as part of your ceremony.
That's not
going to be a ceremony.
Um. what I'm doing down there
is kind of instigating.
So you're just probing.
-hoping something
will come back. -Yeah.
Poking the hornet's nest.
- That's hardcore. man.
- Right.
Well. we're ready
whenever you are.
Kaleb. you want
to take him down there.
and Maddy. you gonna
hook him up to the EEG?
- Yes.
- Okay. Let's go.
If you're ready.
we can go ahead
and get the cap on you.
Before Art went into
the homestead buildings.
we wanted to get another reading
with the EEG
to compare his brain activity
to the baseline scan
Maddy had taken earlier.
You'll have to take
your glasses off.
Okay.
A lot more activity
there now than there was
- during the baseline.
- Yeah.
There definitely is.
- That's interesting.
- Interesting.
Baseline readings
were very typical...
but now...
we had Art's brain emitting
those high-frequency waves
indicative of high stress.
But we can see Art was relaxed.
so it made no sense.
Well. let's see
what kind of data we get
when you go
into one of the buildings.
Okay.
Um... I want to go
into that house.
What?
It... it just stopped working.
What's that?
The-the headset
just stopped working.
The moment he walked in there.
It's just... it's gone.
- Hey. Art?
- It's done.
- Yeah?
- Would you mind walking
outside of the front of
the house real quick?
Come back over here real quick.
Yeah. Did you lose it?
- Yeah. the moment you walked
in there... - It's down.
- it's like it doesn't
even exist. -.
Okay.
now it's picking it up again.
Okay. we're-we're back.
Nice.
But. I mean.
this range is 30 feet.
so there should be no reason
why it's not picking up
on any data.
But you were only 15 feet away.
There's one way to test.
is go back in
and stick my head
out the window.
- Right.
- We could do that.
- Yeah.
- You know? Let's-let's try that.
Okay.
You got me?
- Nope.
- Nope?
It's done. it's dead.
I'm going to stick my head
out the window here.
Okay. we're getting something.
- You got me now?
- Yeah.
Okay.
Back in the house.
What?
- Disappeared?
- Yeah. - It's done.
Now. all of a sudden.
- the headset's gonna...
- Yeah.
The headset's also saying
it's gonna die.
but then the charge comes back
and then
it says it's going to die again.
I charged it
for four hours today.
The battery is good.
Did you see how
it just went down to that?
But it-it was charged.
- Yeah.
- But now it's gonna die.
That doesn't make any sense.
See? It's gone.
What?
This is just...
unexplainable.
"No headset discovered."
Now this was really strange.
The second Art Hardy stepped
inside the main building
of Homestead Two.
we lost total communication
with the EEG device
monitoring his brain.
Even the battery.
which was fully charged.
suddenly went dead.
Did something in
the homestead cause this?
And if so. was it connected
to the 1.6-gigahertz signal
we got earlier
or even the heat anomalies
above the buildings?
Is there any other steps
that we can do
to maybe try and
get this going again? Or...
We could potentially
pull out another headset...
- Okay.
- And see if a new one
is going to give us some data.
We have backups.
- Okay.
- Let's see.
- Do you want to take it off?
- Sure.
I've never experienced anything
like that before in my life.
Okay. so that's in range.
We had to go
get another EEG cap.
trying to get
some readings again.
- This one's working.
- All right.
- You ready to do this
thing again? 'Kay. -Yeah.
Just to make sure
that the malfunction with
the EEG wasn't happening
because it was too far away
from Maddy's laptop.
she and Kaleb joined Art
when he went into the buildings.
Still good data?
Still pretty good.
So let's see
if we get a reaction
- or anything.
- Yeah.
What's the data show?
Currently. right now.
we're seeing that you're in
a very focused state.
I'm curious.
do you mind if we walk back
into the main building
of Homestead Two?
- To check out the data?
- Yeah.
-See if we get that same thing
happen again? -Okay.
Just watch your step right here.
- Yeah.
- I'll step right there.
Still working?
So far.
Hey. Travis. come look at this.
Whoa. Look at that.
1.6 is tore up. dude.
1.6 is just nuts
on five different machines.
What do you make of that?
That's a big signal.
The second they went
back into the main building
of Homestead Two.
another 1.6-gigahertz signal
popped up on all of
our spectrum analyzers.
That's too crazy
to be a coincidence.
It really seemed like something
didn't want us in there.
I'm getting the same signal
on five different devices.
So on one. two. three. four.
and Sam's got it over there.
That's a lot of transmission.
But the weird part about it.
Thomas. is it's coming from
Homestead Two.
Whoa. Whoa.
Whoa!
This doesn't...
this doesn't make any sense!
This is very odd.
This doesn't make any sense.
So. what we should be seeing
is the same focused state
we were seeing over there.
Now that we're in here.
all we are seeing is
just. like.
this high-frequency band.
Which could be attributed
to movement.
but you're not moving.
When Art moved into that second
structure at Homestead Two.
the EEG readings were
really strange.
I've never seen
anything like that before.
You can see high bursts
of brain waves.
which could be
indicative of high stress.
Or if he was clenching
all of his muscles
and bearing down
and creating
intense muscle tension.
I haven't seen that all night.
So this makes no logical sense.
But our Navajo shaman
is relaxed.
is not moving.
So I think there was
something else anomalous
interacting with the EEG system
and emitting
those high-frequency waves.
Hey. Travis.
it's Kaleb. You copy?
Yeah. Kaleb. Go ahead.
We got some really
interesting data here.
and it's fascinating. So. we'll
head back up to the main table.
Copy that.
Hey. Erik. we're done.
We'll just see you down by
- Homestead Two?
- Copy you. Travis.
I'll head over pretty soon.
Well. I have to admit.
there were quite a few
interesting events noted
during the duration of
the ceremony. or the experiment.
in particular the EEG data.
I'm so looking forward
to reviewing
the data from this evening.
Hey. guys.
So. tell me what you saw.
tell me what happened.
I don't even know
how to even explain
what we had happen right
over there at Homestead Two.
I-I just want to get
my hands on the data.
Well. look. um.
Art. Jon. Maddy.
thank you so much.
This has been great.
I think we've got a lot
to learn from this
- and a lot of analysis.
- Yeah.
So. I say we pack it up
and let's get on
and call it a night.
- All right?
- Thank you.
Guys...
we have several things to cover.
Hi. Maddy.
Thanks for joining us.
It's great to be back.
Well. our work with Art Hardy
brought a new data type.
Not only are we seeing
a Navajo shaman ritual.
but we're actually getting
brain wave measurements
- during the course of this.
- Yeah.
Maddy.
I'm really interested to hear
whether you've noticed
anything else unusual
in these
brain scan measurements.
Yeah. absolutely.
It gave us
some really interesting data
that I'm excited
to show you guys.
Here we got Art's baseline
before we went into
any homestead.
So. clean. stable activity
that looks entirely typical
for a healthy adult brain.
You see these
well-organized brain rhythms.
Right.
Okay. guys.
Whoa.
This is when Art was starting
to step into the homestead.
Huge changes.
- Isn't that crazy?
- Wow.
You're looking at
these high amplitudes.
Very. very odd. right?
Wow.
So. I'm gonna go ahead and
share this next clip with you.
When he entered the homestead.
the EEG shifted into something
we simply don't see
in normal physiology
and cannot be explained
by conventional neuroscience.
Man. look at that.
Yeah. this one. I remember
she said that Art looked calm
- and the scan should read normal
at this point. -
Yes. So. instead of
organized rhythms.
there were sudden bursts
of anomalous.
high-amplitude activity.
So. the shift from
a perfectly normal baseline
to an inexplainable.
system-wide anomaly. right.
suggests that Art's brain...
or the recording system itself...
was being influenced
by an unknown external factor.
- Wow.
- That's cool.
According to Maddy.
Art should have been having
a total meltdown
for his brain scans
to look like that.
But he was completely calm
the whole time.
Maybe the EEG device
was malfunctioning.
Or else it was like
something in the homestead
may have hijacked the EEG
and gave us all that crazy data.
Wow.
Well. Maddy.
I'm especially interested
in your take on the performance
of the device itself.
Right.
I recall it stopped working when
Art entered
the homestead building.
Yeah. absolutely.
What made it so weird is
we were probably only about
ten feet away
from each other when
the signal completely dropped
and we could not get a read on
the cap anymore. right?
'Cause we've got
30 feet of range there.
Have you ever encountered
this before.
anywhere else?
Well. it's not something
I've ever encountered before.
And that's what makes it
so compelling.
It raises the possibility
that the. you know.
the homestead.
the environment itself.
is capable of
disrupting the EEG.
That really makes me want
to show you some things
out of Meta-Frame.
I've got a few interesting hits.
you know.
from the video processing.
so I'm gonna bring those up.
So. what we're looking at here
is from the cameras on the mesa
looking down on Homestead Two.
Also. getting
a good view of the sky.
That's a great vantage point.
Just watch what happens.
As I move us through the time.
you can see aircraft
in the distance.
you see stars.
There. right there.
So. you see that feature
right here? - Yeah.
We've got something happening
in the top portion of the image
while we're doing the activities
that are on the ground.
That's right over Homestead Two.
What in the world is that?
That's got to be hundreds
of feet in the air.
I'm not sure what this is.
Well...
Makes me wonder if
we're looking at a UAP.
I'm not sure what this is.
Makes me wonder if
we're looking at a UAP.
I want to take us
forward in time.
And again. we're still seeing
this... this feature.
- Look how it's just
sitting there... -
and it looks
very much like a
cylinder with a top on it.
That's... Wow.
- Your drone wasn't up. right?
- No.
Right. This is
not a drone. guys.
Incredible.
The processed video revealed
the strangest-looking UAP
we've ever seen.
hundreds of feet in the air
above Homestead Two.
And it appeared to be
staying there throughout
our experiment with
Art's Navajo ceremony.
So the big questions are:
did the ceremony
cause it to appear?
And what the heck was it?
One thing that really
stood out is that while
Art was performing his ceremony.
we were seeing heating.
I want to get your eyes on this.
Yeah. so we're just. you know.
a few minutes into the ceremony.
And this view is
facing the homestead itself.
Okay? It was as if
the foliage on the trees.
and that whole surrounding
area were getting warmer
during the course of this.
I don't have a good
explanation for that.
- Why?
- Should have been the opposite.
Should...
It should be the opposite.
We have the possibility
that we are
dealing with a legitimate UAP
in the Meta-Frame record
during Art's ceremony.
Deepening the mystery is
the possible connection to
the unexpected heating
of the leaves on the trees
around the homestead.
The top-level question
is whether
something. that is part of Art's ceremony
could trigger that phenomenon.
This has been one of
the most interesting
and disturbing reviews.
And it sounds like we've only
- scratched the surface.
- Yeah.
This behooves us
to come up with more experiments
to figure out what's happening
at Homestead Two.
Yes.
Maddy. thank you for
running through the data.
We will absolutely
be in touch soon.
- Perfect. Thanks. guys.
- Thank you very much.
See you later.
We'll see ya.
We still don't have
a complete picture
about what's going on
at Homestead Two.
Could there be some
as yet unaccounted for influence
that is interfering
with the devices
as well as causing
sometimes profound experiences
for human beings?
And if so.
what are we interacting with.
there at the homestead?
I'd like to know as much
as possible about that.
Understanding Homestead Two
isn't just about the strange
activity we've seen there.
It's about how it all fits
into the bigger picture
of what we've been witnessing
out here on Skinwalker Ranch.
These ominous.
foreboding structures
at Homestead Two
continue to hold secrets.
So much of the phenomena
that has been reported there
leaves many participants
disturbed.
But further investigation can
give us answers. and insights.
if we dare.
CAPTIONING PROVIDED BY
A+E NETWORKS
I think that drill's
on something big.
Whoa!
- Holy smokes.
- Shakin' the drill.
Feels like you're hitting metal.
I mean. that could be it.
We're getting drones
doing circular
patterns all over the triangle.
- My god.
- They're coming down.
Something's definitely wrong.
The interesting things
we were seeing
with 750 feet
above ground level...
There's a big. magnetic
anomaly floating up there.
- Wow.
- That's crazy.